Add documentation page on LLM use in contributions (#665)
thousandbrainsproject/tbp.monty: docs/contributing/large-language-model-use.md

- On the other hand, we suggest that you do not pass a [Future Work item](https://thousandbrainsproject.readme.io/docs/project-roadmap) description into an LLM, and then open a PR with all of the code it generated.

## Contributing on the Forums

- [The TBP Discourse forums](https://thousandbrains.discourse.group/) are an excellent setting to discuss nascent ideas.
- In these discussions, we would love to engage with you and your ideas. As such, we ask that you not post the outputs of LLMs as if these were your own ideas.
- If you would like to quote or refer to a conversation you have had with an LLM, please just indicate this clearly.
- See the advice under [Writing RFCs](#writing-rfcs) for suggestions about when LLMs can be useful "tutors" when exploring a topic.

## Productivity Tools

> - Please note that the above guidance does not apply to productivity tools such as grammar checkers, which we understand you might find helpful in copy-editing text in RFCs and forum posts. If you need to use a more advanced AI tool for a specific reason (speech-to-text, etc.), we simply ask that you keep the concerns in this RFC in mind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please note that the above guidance does not apply to productivity tools such as grammar checkers, which we understand you might find helpful in copy-editing text in RFCs and forum posts. If you need to use a more advanced AI tool for a specific reason (speech-to-text, etc.), we simply ask that you keep the concerns of this document in mind.
```
